Report a crime
Is it an emergency?
Does it feel like the situation could get heated or violent very soon? Is someone in immediate danger? Do you need support right away? If so, please call 999 now.

If you have a hearing or speech impairment, use our textphone service 18000 or text us on 999 if you’ve pre-registered with the emergencySMS service.

If you’ve witnessed or been the victim of crime please report it to us.

Reports are dealt with by our control room in exactly the same way whether you report it online or by telephone.

Before you give us the details of the crime, we will ask you a few questions to make sure you go to the relevant online form.

Report a crime
If you’ve witnessed or been the victim of crime please report it to us.

Reports are dealt with by our control room in exactly the same way whether you report it online or by telephone.

Before you give us the details of the crime, we will ask you a few questions to make sure you go to the relevant online form.

Advice tool
Report a road traffic incident

If you were involved in a collision as a driver or rider you must personally report the incident yourself to us as soon as possible and, in any case, within 24 hours of the collision. No one else can do this for you.

See the Road Traffic Act 1988, Section 170 for further details.

You can report it using our online road traffic incident reporting service.

Or by:

going to your local police station
telling a police constable

Report antisocial behaviour
Antisocial behaviour takes many forms, from aggressive, noisy or abusive behaviour to neighbourhood disturbances involving drugs or animals.

If you’ve witnessed antisocial behaviour, please report it to us.

Your neighbourhood can be an area where you live, work, or visit often.

Report a missing person
Are they in immediate danger?
If the missing person is in immediate danger, is a young child or vulnerable to harm, call 999 now.

If you have a hearing or speech impairment, use our textphone service 18000 or text us on 999 if you’ve pre-registered with the emergencySMS service.

You do not have to wait 24 hours to report someone missing. It is not wasting police time to report someone missing. We are here to protect you and your loved ones.

Your report will be dealt with by our control room in exactly the same way whether you report it online or call 101. You will get an email confirming that we've got your report and telling you what will happen next. And you may find it easier to answer the questions online at your own pace.

Before you start to fill in a missing person form, we will ask you a few questions to make sure reporting them missing online is the right thing to do.

Report fraud
Is it an emergency?
Does it feel like the situation could get heated or violent very soon? Is someone in immediate danger? Do you need support right away? If so, please call 999 now.

If you have a hearing or speech impairment, use our textphone service 18000 or text us on 999 if you’ve pre-registered with the emergencySMS service.

Anyone can find themselves the victim of fraud. If you suspect you may have been scammed or involved in fraudulent activity, or have information about a possible fraudster, find out who to contact.

Report a civil dispute
Unless a crime has been committed or someone is in immediate danger, the police are unlikely to intervene in civil disputes. However, we’ll put you in touch with the groups and organisations who can help. Complete the sentence below to get the advice you need to resolve your dispute as quickly and amicably as possible.

Report spiking
You can report to us no matter when it happened
There is no time limit on reporting spiking; whether it just happened or it happened a while ago, you can tell us about it. 

This service will help you report spiking offences, including drink spiking, needle spiking, food spiking, vape or e-cigarette spiking, or an attempted spiking.

You can also report crimes that happened as a result of a spiking incident, such as sexual assault, theft or violent offences using this service. 

Use the 'Leave this site' button if you need to. It will close this site and open the Google search engine. Your form won't be saved and won't be sent to us.

Report lost or found property
If you've lost or found property in a public place, we may be able to help. Answer the questions below to find the best thing to do next.

How to report a lost or stolen vehicle
If your car has gone missing, follow the simple steps below to track it down or, in the worst case, report it as stolen.

Check where you left it
It sounds obvious, but if your car is missing our first advice is always to double-check where you parked it. So often a missing car, presumed stolen, is exactly where the owner left it – they simply forgot.

Many cars these days come with GPS trackers to locate them if they're lost or stolen. If this is the case for your car, please contact your dedicated tracking service before contacting us – if the car genuinely appears to have been stolen they'll usually contact us on your behalf.

Contact TRACE
The second most common reason for a missing vehicle is that it's been removed by the council for illegal parking.

TRACE is the locating service for any vehicle that has been towed away by any council in London. TRACE can advise which pound the vehicle has been moved to and the procedure for release.

Unless you have reason to believe your car has been stolen, please complete the TRACE online form or call TRACE on 0300 077 0100 (textphone 0300 123 2050).

Tell us about possible terrorist activity
Is it an emergency?
If you suspect an immediate danger, please move away and call 999 now.

If you have a hearing or speech impairment, use our textphone service 18000 or text us on 999 if you’ve pre-registered with the emergencySMS service.

Reporting possible terrorist or extremist activity helps us prevent terrorism and save lives.

Any piece of information could be important. Even if you’re not sure, please let us know so that we can investigate. Action will only be taken after the appropriate checks have been carried out.

The Met hosts this reporting service on behalf of all UK police forces.

Hyde Park
View on a map
Your Safer Neighbourhoods Team
About us
Contact us
Stations, contact points and offices
On the team
Meetings and events
Martin Noon
Sergeant
Adam Oddy
Police Constable
Harminder Purewal
Police Constable
Lewis Best
Police Constable
Angeliki Pandi
PCSO